Spartak's starting lineup turned out to be
a fusion of youth and experience
without intermediate
uncle and mentors in it were inferior
docking and the time was assigned the role of grandfather
designed to clean up the flaws
young defense partners
it seemed to davos that many torpedoes
factors
plastic packaging habit
entrance space
tournament of truth
however, at first interests looked
chaotic romantseva
already in the first minute there ramstore
bloat sleeves
and the third Pavlenko good Paz
cut the defense of black and white but hit
Danishevsky hit the post
asking Spartacus passed and black
white
at the end of a quarter hour adjinjal stormi
generally done everything to dial by
score for the resultant
gear
after squabble two clans and semshov
it only remained to enter the gate
the question is just a blow clearly did not fit into this
Igor's attack had to beat beautifully
stayed the same
Spartacus attacking the game gradually
shifted to the right flank
Gregor Pavlenko using mobile does not
may midskis tried several times
bring the ball to the penalty sparrow
three quarters of the most important last
of the year
and then competently defended
torpedo caught the nominal hosts on
counterattack
blocks on the verge of offside novel
allow housing at the edge is not dangerous
the breadwinner became an assist
throw cherchesova which struggles
lithuania scarf don porozhek table
useless
and romances place Kudryashov again not
Condemned by his player released
Pogrebenko
red and white with the answer is not delayed
could not without interference sneaked strike center
fields and powerfully punched
vorobyeva rescued the second time in half
barbell
in the second half dash gave
spartak initiative and this move worked
red and white constantly attacked
we could not embody the game
advantage strikes on goal
growth sharpened game transfer Pavlenko
in the case of their departure inferior
A little later, the deputy Samadov is not the best
the way the ball was ordered
closer to the end of the match defense luzhnikovtsam and
did become impassable when with
exit small torpedo came scheme with
four defenders
Spartak was forced to star in the center and
once when he ran to the felines in
the attack with the entire Spartak squad
Cherchesov
but the forward struck straight
be a little more lucky
the last seconds of the meeting pogrebnyak
the Petrenko team would have lost the fourth
a place
however for black and white it was all over
by failure
torpedo with favorable
circumstances will represent
Russia in Europe